[Core][Doc] Add Document for Python Standard Attributes (#51038)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/configure-logging.md

- ``monitor.[out|err]``: Stdout and stderr of a cluster launcher.
- ``monitor.log``: Ray's Cluster Launcher operates from a monitor process. It also manages the Autoscaler.
- ``plasma_store.[out|err]``: Deprecated.
- ``python-core-driver-[worker_id]_[pid].log``: Ray drivers consist of C++ core and a Python or Java frontend. C++ code generates this log file.
- ``python-core-worker-[worker_id]_[pid].log``: Ray workers consist of C++ core and a Python or Java frontend. C++ code generates this log file.
- ``raylet.[out|err]``: A log file of raylets.
- ``redis-shard_[shard_index].[out|err]``: Redis shard log files.
- ``redis.[out|err]``: Redis log files.
- ``runtime_env_agent.log``: Every Ray node has one agent that manages {ref}`Runtime Environment <runtime-environments>` creation, deletion, and caching.
  This is the log file of the agent containing logs of create or delete requests and cache hits and misses.

>   For the logs of the actual installations-for example, ``pip install`` logs, see the ``runtime_env_setup-[job_id].log`` file below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The logs of the actual installations for ``pip install`` logs are in the following ``runtime_env_setup-[job_id].log`` file.
```

- ``runtime_env_setup-ray_client_server_[port].log``: Logs from installing {ref}`Runtime Environments <runtime-environments>` for a job when connecting with {ref}`Ray Client <ray-client-ref>`.
- ``runtime_env_setup-[job_id].log``: Logs from installing {ref}`runtime environments <runtime-environments>` for a Task, Actor, or Job. This file is only present if you install a runtime environment.

(log-redirection-to-driver)=
## Redirecting Worker logs to the Driver

> By default, Worker stdout and stderr for Tasks and Actors stream to the Ray Driver-the entrypoint script that calls ``ray.init``. It helps users aggregate the logs for the distributed Ray application in a single place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Worker stdout and stderr for Tasks and Actors stream to the Ray Driver (the entrypoint script that calls ``ray.init``). It helps users aggregate the logs for the distributed Ray application in a single place.
```
I think the parentheses here are ok and more clear than the `-`. The vale warning is more of a suggestion to avoid parentheses when possible, but I think this is an ok use.

## Log deduplication

> By default, Ray deduplicates logs that appear redundantly across multiple processes. The first instance of each log message is always immediately printed. However, Ray buffers subsequent log messages of the same pattern-ignoring words with numeric components-for up to five seconds and printed in batch. For example, for the following code snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Ray deduplicates logs that appear redundantly across multiple processes. The first instance of each log message is always immediately printed. However, Ray buffers subsequent log messages of the same pattern for up to five seconds and prints them in batch. Note that Ray also ignores words with numeric components. For example, for the following code snippet:
```

This tqdm implementation works as follows:

1. The ``tqdm_ray`` module translates tqdm calls into special JSON log messages written to the worker stdout.
2. The Ray log monitor routes these log messages to a tqdm singleton, instead of copying them directly to the driver stdout.
3. The tqdm singleton determines the positions of progress bars from various Ray Tasks or Actors, ensuring they don't collide or conflict with each other.

Limitations:

> - Ray only supports a subset of tqdm feature. Refer to the ray_tqdm [implementation](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/experimental/tqdm_ray.py) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ray only supports a subset of tqdm features. Refer to the ray_tqdm [implementation](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/experimental/tqdm_ray.py) for more details.
```

* `encoding`: The encoding format for the logs. The default is `TEXT` for plain text logs.
The other option is `JSON` for structured logs.

> In both `TEXT` and `JSON` encoding formats, the logs include Ray-specific fields such as `job_id`, `worker_id`, `node_id`, `actor_id`, `actor_name`, `task_id`, `task_name` and `taek_function_name`, if available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both `TEXT` and `JSON` encoding formats, the logs include Ray-specific fields such as `job_id`, `worker_id`, `node_id`, `actor_id`, `actor_name`, `task_id`, `task_name` and `task_function_name`, if available.
```

The following example configures the `LoggingConfig` to output logs in a structured JSON format and sets the log level to `INFO`.
It then logs messages with the root loggers in the driver process, Ray tasks, and Ray actors.

> The logs include Ray-specific fields such as `job_id`, `worker_id`, `node_id`, `actor_id`, `actor_name`, `task_id`, `task_name` and `taek_function_name` when applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logs include Ray-specific fields such as `job_id`, `worker_id`, `node_id`, `actor_id`, `actor_name`, `task_id`, `task_name` and `task_function_name` when applicable.
```

(log-rotation)=
## Log rotation

Ray supports log rotation of log files. Note that not all components support log rotation. (Raylet, Python, and Java worker logs don't rotate).

> By default, logs rotate when they reach 512 MB-maxBytes, and have a maximum of five backup files-backupCount. Ray appended indexes to all backup files-for example, `raylet.out.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, logs rotate when they reach 512 MB (maxBytes), and have a maximum of five backup files (backupCount). Ray appends indexes to all backup files - for example, `raylet.out.1`.
```
